You might think that you've gotten an awful long ways in
your coding career without feeling the need to learn about programming paradigms.
Why start now?
It's certainly a more theoretical side to
programming that might seem stuffy or difficult to apply.
But I'm going to say that every programmer will benefit from
a strong foundational knowledge of the programming paradigms.
Not that you need to go off and buy every textbook in order to write your next program,
but by understanding the principles and why's behind the paradigms,
the way you think about your programs will become more refined and deep,
and the solutions that you reach for to solve problems will become more intentional.